Hi guys, in this video I want to create
a nice video like this using LTX2 audio
video uh with an an audio that I
generated from Labs or you can use your
own uh video and we have to create this
prompt
prompt chat GP or another program or you
can use your own work use as you work.
Uh okay. Uh let's go.
Uh okay. First thing first, open the
camp UI
from here. Now you can install the campi
portable and the manager. You can get
the link on the description.
Okay. We have unsaved workflow. When I
use this workflow, you can get it from
the link on the description.
Can download it. Okay, this workflow
after download this workflow
you must drag it like this. After that
uh plugging this workflow as you can see
we have download those requirements
the diffusion waterless lowerics encoder
audio and video va upscaler and tiny ba
for me I have let's download those files
I want to show you the process okay uh
first thing first open the UI
search for model is for Example this one
diff the fusion model we have to place
it here in diffusion mode. You click
right here and this page is open it and
hit download.
After downloading is finished.
We have paste the file in the fusion uh
model. Okay. As you can see this is my
file the save file added right here.
Let's move to the next one. The next one
is the LoRa uh add LTX2 in Lora. Click
right here and the downloading is begin
for me. I already found download this
file. Okay. After downloading this file,
we have to search here for go here to
model search on lower and put it right
here as you can see. After that, let's
search for text encoder GMA 3. Please
don't click. Let's search here. Clear.
Okay. download the SIM uh 3D by clicking
this download button
and uh place it uh here as you can see I
placed after that uh clip connector
placed in clip I download and placed
here as you can see it's here
clicking this link to download after
that the audio and the video VA
uh placed in the E there is a lot of
files is uh okay how to get this you
have to go to modus
search search for
and go right here download all those
files first one and click download
uh do the same process for all the files
as you can see four fibers for me after
downloading I place it here one two
three
uh after that uh we move to the upscale
the place in Latin upscale model is
let's return right here what is that
this one that is upscale model now this
file had placed here
the final one is tiny v for previews we
can uh update here and v approx download
click download and uh add here and model
is via progress. As you can see this my
file is the same uh one this one. Okay.
After downloading those files and added
and places after that
we have to refresh the page. Okay. Fine.
Let's move to the next step. The next
step is to go here to model.
For example, the first one is a model
name. Choose your file like this.
Okay. Embedding connector. Choose
embedded connector.
The V lo
can see audio. Choose audio.
Uh here 3A.
Okay. this one embedding connector
up scaler special up skills for that one
and here choose this and let's move to
loris after moving to lorus choose our
loris we have one file
there optional lura same thing uh okay
this step is done okay this
okay
uh now we have to add our font right
here we can create uh Chrome by going to
chat GPT the Gemini CL use as you want
for the pro and add a negative pro as
you can see you can
make it the same or can change it
okay let's move here to image or the
image this quality is HD quality for the
HD or full HD quality we can do we can
have uh 24 GB of VR or more. For me, you
have 12 GB of RAM or this 8 GB of RAM, 6
GB. You can choose this
uh quality SD quality.
Okay.
And now
what's remains right here? It remains.
Okay. Let's add our pro first. Let's go
here. I already added my prompt here in
this folder.
>> Copy.
Paste right here.
Okay. My prompt is uh two guys playing
football on the street.
Okay. After that, let's add my audio
right here. I added audio and create
audio in a level
and I added here. As you can see,
>> this is more than just a game. It's
skill, passion.
>> Okay. As you can see, this is my audio.
Uh after that,
you can go.
>> All right. Okay. I think all is fine.
Okay. This
Let's see how many seconds we have.
with us.
>> Okay, we have uh 24 frames per second as
you see for and let's see. Okay, open
the calculator
1.1
by 24 frames per second. We have 5
seconds of video for me. I have 10
seconds of video. Let's see with the
calculator
in
uh we uh do 40 frames. Okay, let's ch
this one and choose the book.
And now I think all is done. Uh
no, let's hit run.
Uh, as you can see guys that the video
is finished is
>> this is more than just it's 90 seconds
>> just a game. It's skill, passion, and
pride.
One moment, one chance. this. Okay. As
you can see, the quality is good. It's
amazing quality. Two guys plays
football. Uh there is
not big mistakes in this video. As you
can see in the pro tab, uh two guys
plays football and we have some vehicle
right here. We can after that you can
download or save it as
if you have short film or another
things. Okay.
Uh this is all for this tutorial guys.
Thank you guys for watching.
Uh support me on the Patreon from the
link on the text description
for more tuto like this.
Okay, goodbye.